We're progressing pretty well, developing our movie booking application.
So we got all our movies loaded on our homepage and now we're going to be getting all the other pages
started off.
So let's go back to our we scored now in this fiasco.
Let me just close off all the existing tabs.
We already have those three servers running up.
Now I'm just going to open up all the other applications that we have.
So those are namely the seat selection application as well as this details page application.
So we just need to fire up some new tabs here.
So we have the new terminal window opened up.
Let me navigate to the 11.1 and within this I'll go to the seed selection app and see NPM, run, serve.
Okay.
So it says command not found.
That means I've not got the dependencies installed as well as npm install.
Okay.
So we have the dependency and starting now, let me try and be a so once again.
So this starts off on the number 3003 and we do not really see any output for now.
And if you check out the inspect, you will also notice that there are a couple of errors here.
So don't worry about that.
We are going to be fixing them all together.
Let's just fire up another terminal and we're going to be starting of our next server.
So that's going to be the detail page app.
So I would say KD 11.1, then see details page app, then again do NPM installation.
Okay.
And then we'll see npm bran serve.
Okay, so let's fire that up as well.
And this starts off on the board 3001, and there's no output here as well.
Now, if you just go to the inspect tab and see the console, we see pretty much the same error so that
the regenerator runtime error is not defined and we see the same error here as well.
So just a quick tip over here and probably you can bookmark this as well.
If you see this error, this generally means you do not have the policies set up.
So for fixing this, it's quite simple.
We had done this in the earlier application as well.
So what we need to do here is we just open up our seed selection up here, navigate over to the entry
file.
So in this case, the entry file is this index target and we're just going to be putting up our bolivars.
So I'll say import and then I'll say Adelaide, Babel, Bolivar.
So just save that.
Let's go ahead and do the same thing for the Details page app as well.
So in the CRC indexed ARGs and let's get that dependency added side.
So the import actor it.
People.
Slash.
Let me just fix that Bible part of it.
Okay, that looks good.
Let me see if that off and go back to my browser.
Let's navigate here and voila we see that we got our application started.
Things are generally broken here.
We do not have the image then.
We also don't have the movies selected here.
So it shows no movie name nor time date and so on.
Well, we are going to be fixing all of that in the upcoming videos.
For now, we can see that the application is up and running and we do not really have any errors here.
We do have one error regarding the image, but that's fine.
Let's see the other one as well.
So in here also, if I just give it a refresh, you see that the application is in fact loading no image,
but other things seems to be working fine.
There are a few arrows.
This is again because the application is not getting all the data that's required from the other applications.
So don't worry about that.
They're only fixing it.
All right.
So we got all the applications started just going back to our we scored.
We can see that we have like five applications running now.
So that's that's really good and that's quite interesting.
Now we're going to be having one additional application created here after some time.
So let's take a short break and see how the navigation between this application should work and what
is really our objective here.